Yu Shao endured to be an errand for the God of War
Yoga will definitely skyrocket in the future
When is the time?
Yoga is not only the first shooting frame in Zhonghai
And shot at the wealthy families of Jiangnan Province
Director Zhu
Can you come to the Tang Long banquet?
Definitely want to touch me
I'm so happy.
Yu Shao, you misunderstood
I'm here for the Tang Long banquet
It's to thank Lord Tianwang for saving Lu Ming
Isn't he very possessive?
Why didn't he come with you?
Who said I didn't come?
Lu Ming, why are you here?
You go fast
If anyone knew about the invitation you had
If it's fake, you can't leave.
Okay, this psycho.
They actually used a fake invitation
In
This guy got in with a fake invitation
He doesn't know how to write the word death?
Hongmen just went out
Lord Tianwang's brows were washed with blood
This kid actually got in with a fake invitation
I thought I was suicidal, you hear me?
appearance
This guy is killing himself
You have to draw a line with him as soon as possible
Lest you suffer from the monster of fish shame
appearance
My invitation is real, stop talking
Ronaldinho gave me his one
You hide that one and pretend I brought you in
No, you have to think carefully.
You are covering up for me
If you let Lord War God and Lord Tianwang blame
Thoughts on you Li Qiang
What will happen
Jackie Chan Festival is coming soon
You wait for the stove
Cheng He Style